{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\b\fs72 \ul Virtual Race
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\

\b\fs36 About the App:
\b0 \

\fs24 \
Virtual Race is an IOS application designed to let Fitbit users race themselves and their friends across the map. This app provides users with three unique race options:\
\
- New York City to Los Angeles\
- Atlanta, GA to Savannah, GA\
- Philadelphia, PA to Washington, D.C.\
\
You have the option to only race yourself to see how quickly you can finish the race, or you can challenge your Fitbit friends to races to see who can finish first. \
\

\b\fs36 Requirements to Use the App:
\b0 \

\fs24 \
There are two requirements to using the app.\
\
- For the first requirement, upon entering the app, users will be asked for permission to access their Fitbit accounts and then temporarily redirected to Fitbit\'92s servers to grant permission. Permission is granted for 1 year at a time and must be renewed every year.\
\
- The second requirement is that you have an iCloud account set up with Apple. Your phone must be signed into iCloud and Virtual Race must be given permission to use iCloud information in the iCloud Drive settings. Without being signed into iCloud, users will not be able to create new races, check the progress of their opponents, or update their progress against opponents. But, users will be able to check their progress in any specific race, although they will not be able to see the progress of their opponents or update their progress in the race on the servers. \
\

\b\fs36 Other Things to Know:\

\b0\fs24 \
- Virtual Race access a list of friends from a user\'92s Fitbit account. If you wish to race someone who does not show up in the Virtual Race app, first go into your Fitbit accounts and add them as a friend there.\
\
- Virtual Race will detect races started by the user on any device and automatically update the device they are currently logged into with all those races. \
\
- Virtual Race will attempt to update all multiplayer races with the users progress in the background on occasion when the user is on the \'93View Current Races\'94 screen. \
\
- Virtual Race requires a network connection to view races. \
\
- As of now, Virtual Race can only determine the day in which a user finishes the race and can not localize the time any further than that. If two racers finish on the same day but at different times, Virtual Race will declare the race a tie. This is due to the nature of the Fitbit API which only allows access to a users distance in daily increments. Fitbit does make special exceptions to this rule sometimes though, and hopefully in the future Virtual Race will be able to narrow down the finish time to a more specific increment of time. \
\
\
\
\
}